jhsdb: add page (#6643)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/jhsdb.md

# jhsdb

> Attach to a Java process or launch a postmortem debugger to analyze the core dump from a crashed Java Virtual Machine.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information: <https://manned.org/jhsdb>.

```

> > Attach to a Java process or launch a postmortem debugger to analyze the content of a core dump from a crashed Java Virtual Machine (JVM).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Attach to a Java process or launch a postmortem debugger to analyze the core dump from a crashed Java Virtual Machine (JVM).
> More information: <https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/16/docs/specs/man/jhsdb.html>.
```

> - Using pid to connect to a hung process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a PID to connect to a hung process:
```

`jhsdb jstack --pid {{pid}}`

- Open a core dump for analysis:

> `jhsdb clhsdb --core {{./core}} --exe {{/path/to/jdk/bin/java}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`jhsdb clhsdb --core {{path/to/core_dump}} --exe {{/path/to/jdk/bin/java}}`
```

- Start a debug server:

> `jhsdb debugd --pid {{pid}} --serverid {{server_id}}`

Reviewer 2: How to determine a server id? Is it a hostname or an address?

Author: Docs say: An optional unique ID to use when multiple debug servers are running on the same remote host. Changing to {{optional_unique_id}}.

# jhsdb

> Attach to a Java process or launch a postmortem debugger to analyze the core dump from a crashed Java Virtual Machine.
> More information: <https://manned.org/jhsdb>.

- Use a PID to connect to a hung process:

`jhsdb jstack --pid {{pid}}`

> - Open a core dump for analysis:

Reviewer 3: What do you mean by `open`?

Author: Is `Open a core dump in interactive debug mode:` better?

Reviewer 3: Yes, the `interactive` is important here. Otherwise it sounds like it is opened and then the command finishes.

> `jhsdb clhsdb --core {{path/to/core_dump}} --exe {{/path/to/jdk/bin/java}}`

Reviewer 3: Does the `--exe` path have to be absolute (starting at `/`)?

- Start a debug server:

`jhsdb debugd --pid {{pid}} --serverid {{optional_unique_id}}`

> - Connect to process in clhsdb mode:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Connect to a process in interactive debug mode:
```
